DOC-3224: Accordions could be toggled when the editor was disabled. (#3936)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.3.0-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Accordions could be toggled when the editor was disabled.
// #TINY-12315

> In earlier versions of {productname}, an issue allowed accordions to remain interactive (expandable) even when the editor was disabled. This resulted in unexpected behavior when used alongside the xref:autoresize.adoc[Autoresize plugin].

Reviewer: An additional detail might be that the behavior would be both incinsistent as well as unexpected. Unexpected in later results ( where the data might have changed when it should not have ) as well as inconsistent ( where it switches from our custom solution to the browser's natural one )

> This issue has been resolved in {release-version}. Accordions are now non-interactive in disabled mode, ensuring the editor behaves as intended. Users can no longer interact with accordions when the editor is disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Earlier versions of {productname} allowed accordions to remain expandable even when the editor was disabled, creating inconsistent and unexpected behavior, particularly when used with the xref:autoresize.adoc[Autoresize plugin].

This could lead to content changes when none were expected and caused interaction patterns to shift between the intended custom behavior and the browser’s default handling. In {release-version}, this issue has been resolved by ensuring accordions are fully non-interactive when the editor is disabled, preventing unintended state changes and maintaining consistent editor behavior.
```
